=pod

=encoding utf-8

=head1 NAME

Dist::Zilla::Plugin::InsertCopyright - Insert copyright statement into source code files

=head1 VERSION

version 0.002

=head1 SYNOPSIS

In your F<dist.ini>:

    [InsertCopyright]

In your source files (before C<__END__>):

  # COPYRIGHT

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This module replaces a special C<# COPYRIGHT> comment in your Perl source
files with a short notice appropriate to your declared copyright.  The
special comment B<must> be placed before C<__END__>.  Only the first such
comment will be replaced.

It is inspired by excellent L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::Prepender> but gives control
of the copyright notice placement instead of always adding it at the start of a
file.

I wrote this to let me put copyright statements at the end of my code to keep
line numbers of code consistent between the generated distribution and the
repository source.  See L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::OurPkgVersion> for another
useful plugin that preserves line numbering.

=encoding utf8

=for Pod::Coverage munge_file

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

Code in this module is based heavily on Dist::Zilla::Plugin::OurPkgVersion
by Caleb Cushing and Dist::Zilla::Plugin::Prepender by Jérôme Quelin.  Thank
you to both of them for their work and for releasing it as open source for
reuse.

=head1 SEE ALSO

=over 4

=item *

L<Dist::Zilla> and L<dzil.org|http://dzil.org/>

=item *

L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::OurPkgVersion>

=item *

L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::Prepender>

=back

=for :stopwords cpan testmatrix url annocpan anno bugtracker rt cpants kwalitee diff irc mailto metadata placeholders metacpan

=head1 SUPPORT

=head2 Bugs / Feature Requests

Please report any bugs or feature requests through the issue tracker
at L<https://github.com/dagolden/dist-zilla-plugin-insertcopyright/issues>.
You will be notified automatically of any progress on your issue.

=head2 Source Code

This is open source software.  The code repository is available for
public review and contribution under the terms of the license.

L<https://github.com/dagolden/dist-zilla-plugin-insertcopyright>

  git clone git://github.com/dagolden/dist-zilla-plugin-insertcopyright.git

=head1 AUTHOR

David Golden <dagolden@cpan.org>

=head1 CONTRIBUTOR

Jean-Damien Durand <jeandamiendurand@free.fr>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is Copyright (c) 2011 by David Golden.

This is free software, licensed under:

  The Apache License, Version 2.0, January 2004

